struct customer {
    char lastName[15];
    char firstName[15];
    unsigned int customerNumber;
    struct {
        char phoneNumber[11];
        char address[50];
        char city[15];
        char state[3];
        char zipCode[6];
    } personal;
} customerRecord, *customerPtr;
customerPtr = &customerRecord;

a) Member lastName of struct customerRecord.
customerRecord.lastName

b) Member lastName of the struct pointed to by customerPtr.
customerPtr->lastName

c) Member firstName of struct customerRecord.
customerRecord.firstName

d) Member firstName of the struct pointed to by customerPtr.
customerPtr->firstName

e) Member customerNumber of struct customerRecord.
customerRecord.customerNumber

f) Member customerNumber of the struct pointed to by customerPtr.
customerPtr->customerNumber

g) Member phoneNumber of member personal of struct customerRecord.
customerRecord.personal.phoneNumber

h) Member phoneNumber of member personal of the struct pointed to by customerPtr.
customerPtr->personal.phoneNumber

i) Member address of member personal of struct customerRecord.
customerRecord.personal.address

j) Member address of member personal of the struct pointed to by customerPtr.
customerPtr->personal.address

k) Member city of member personal of struct customerRecord.
customerRecord.personal.city

l) Member city of member personal of the struct pointed to by customerPtr.
customerPtr->personal.city

m)Member state of member personal of struct customerRecord.
customerRecord.personal.state

n) Member state of member personal of the struct pointed to by customerPtr.
customerPtr->personal.state

o) Member zipCode of member personal of struct customerRecord.
customerRecord.personal.zipCode

p) Member zipCode of member personal of the struct pointed to by customerPtr.
customerPtr->personal.zipCode
